for him round the chronometer of the
referee will start the game is the case of
region in its last presentation
within the São Paulo championship whistle
authorized the referee is valid
the hour of the next gave the taquaritinga
is classified in detail four
placed and if you win the game you
pleading the second place will spend
Aldair Brazil bringing the information
here regrets with the ginga mbandi nothing
against the great weapon of the team of 15
about the scandal involves
the taquari tinges my mark and 50
the 2nd rossete shirt and fábio and he
take the rebound sent to the bottom of the net
this time dengue fever did not stop
I can hold the river now from the bottom of
network saddens the shaken green heart
and the 50-second godfather mark 1 to 0
it 's rogério
everything started with a pixotada davi
that was leaving playing and is served
catching if I like passed passed asked is
served ball lifting although
losing to the bottom line strictly a
good time to break a Turkish ship
suspended lifting handle disconnects the line
and 15 chopping sonae stays with the
rebound
the doubt now the pagode team says
penetrated knocked on the face of the choked goal
he cut off again and dominated the ball
to raise the survey of the year to
and he turned the body of the
trader was booed and called
Adilson Domingo asks for Pedro
casque
arrived cushioned Sunday guilherme
pinto would drop the second beat there
he / she / it cut the advantage
no rebound bruno dvd player fell
now started to live giving the line of
background shot of goal rogério is one more
The ball's taquaritinga pressure is over
suffering left over from mama's kindles
martins a field is emerging in the
belly yes by easy defensive delirium
15r brasilia steal affection by the sector
2011 second right touched the face of the
Goal has not arrived yet, I say.
My god is not unanimity so it's
analyze that well the team of the team
informing the gates of the stadium zezinho
Magellan released dengue what you want
of me was now low
the blessing swing lifted in the great
Role Team Area Weak Again
davi left the ball badly off
so loses it goes by the line of
bottom
was evidence of bad graceful exit he
turned his back to the ball
if it was douglas come cutting good come
looking ahead though to his mother
asked the chick according to a friend Juninho
He has the day is not in the face of the goal.
I feel the douglas clacking hits the ball.
lose goes away by his friend in the account
fast team loading
Joker Rogério Ceni was really wrong
so your name
she is the santo andré
What would you like to see in the game?
no one no matter arm legs
to stop playing every friend's note
Our unfortunately passed away this week.
at 39 years
the pizza dance bar is worth noting
gets the name of the ball pushed
painting the second goal of the local team
from Sunday 20 on the right
Here comes the cat collected Sunday oil bark
in the face of the goal warmed the faith and
guilherme brasileiro li
boquete herbie brasília the brand of 2
minutes and 40 seconds and expands now
cat2 that the 0 to 0 was a deal either
how strange at the intersection of
shell number 8
Brasilia arrived alone and locked in the
who was on top of it and nobody tasca
who say the chemical sun is already listening
things like we go we have everything that we
we could the poet need everything
world upset things then only with the
protest without personal criticism
to be followed
Hold say he was not a good team if not
Brazil saw that team from Brazil is
better than he does rogério a little bit
of a doll nothing on the doll the people of
Bauru
if the person is spinning after the
third goal of the team from Ducati
barred hit
again watched the team's defense
of the cable
the liver balloon arrived with
tranquility deep thrown hitting you the
player who is rogério brasilia o
Guilherme Brasília has uploaded a picture to
network
they end up getting score and now it 's the club
athletic taquaritinga 3 15 already 10 frame
guillaume brasília sought the game he
left to let money is danilo
on the back danilo sees rooster team pays
I took a pinto tidy hit my muslera
on the street tried family gol tomorrow
of matheus matheus and matheus suit
matheus for tomorrow at the bottom of the net
the goalkeeper let go he got in by another
with the bottom of the net
already to discount on the scoreboard here the beginning
from the beginning and he ended up doing the
range team goal but are kdb
paulo playing life and take São Paulo
do not take into account what's on the board
Here the fan stage worth touched
cloud team ducati looks case and ball
He left to jonas sent at the bottom of
net but pocket
in galicia farewell of rooster team
not touched when the large area the chicken
I already do not to the third echelon here
will come to wash Danny did not hit
goalkeeper made secure handle large muffles
or ailment because it hurts to talk to
boy is not very honest and by the goal
made the balance just stopped was flipping
which is working tome by the player
from qg mayer's head on bag
because that 's because it's been there dominating a
team of 15 in the middle of the defense bar pizza
inside finished jury and pumped the team of
cattle which loses for example branch